Several small updates to SKE page v1 (#2872)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/train-to-be-a-teacher/subject-knowledge-enhancement.md

- a different but related degree to the subject you want to teach
- an A level but not a degree in the subject
- an unrelated degree but relevant professional experience
- studied for a languages degree, but need to develop a second language to an acceptable level for teaching in schools 
- not used your subject knowledge for a while

When you apply for teacher training, the school or university will help you establish whether you need to improve your subject knowledge. They may decide to make completing a SKE course a condition of your offer to train with them.

SKE courses are currently offered in 9 secondary subjects:  

> - mathematics (including primary mathematics) 

Author: Arranged alphabetically.

> - mathematics (including primary mathematics) 

Reviewer: Yep, agree - can we move primary maths to a separate sentence after the bullets? i.e. 'You can also do a SKE course in primary mathematics'.

- chemistry 
- computing 
- design and technology 
- English
- languages 
- mathematics (including primary mathematics) 
- physics 
- religious education

> SKE course lengths can range from 8 to 28 weeks and are usually online courses, but some are classroom based and some are a mixture of both. You can choose the provider you want to complete your SKE course with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SKE course lengths can range from 8 to 28 weeks. They're usually online, but some can be classroom based and some can be a mixture of both. You can choose the provider you want to complete your SKE course with.
```
Thought we could just reword slightly to make the sentence a bit shorter

> Courses are available across England. Most candidates complete a SKE course before starting their teacher training year, but it’s sometimes possible to complete it alongside your ITT course. You may also be able to study part-time.

Author: Have now defined ITT in the first instance.

> Courses are available across England. Most candidates complete a SKE course before starting their teacher training year, but it’s sometimes possible to complete it alongside your initial teacher training (ITT) course. You may also be able to study part-time.

Reviewer: Do we mean do the SKE course part time? Do we need to say that (just because we've just mentioned their ITT course)

Author: The SKE course is part -time., so I'll add: "You may be able to complete the SKE course on a part-time basis."

> You may also be eligible to receive the SKE participant bursary, contact your ITT and SKE provider for more information. For academic year 2022/23, the participant bursary funding is £175 per week.  

Reviewer: What is the bursary for? To cover the cost of the SKE course? Or are they free? If so, is the bursary to help with living costs? Do we need to explain that here?

And then could we reword to something like 'You may also be eligible for a bursary of £175 per week if you train to teach in the 2022/23 academic year. This will go towards your SKE course fees/living expenses while you train. Contact your ITT and SKE providers for more information.'

Or something along those lines, depending on what the bursary is for.

> You may also be eligible to receive the SKE participant bursary, contact your ITT and SKE provider for more information. For academic year 2022/23, the participant bursary funding is £175 per week.  

Author: Bursary is to go towards any extra cost during the SKE course. I've added "You may also be eligible for a bursary of £175 per week if you train to teach in the 2022/23 academic year. This will go towards any extra cost you may have during the SKE course. Contact your ITT and SKE providers for more information. "

> [Find out if there's a SKE course for your subject](https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/subject-knowledge-enhancement-course-directory/subject-knowledge-enhancement-ske-course-directory).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Find out if there's a subject knowledge enhancement (SKE) course for your subject](https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/subject-knowledge-enhancement-course-directory/subject-knowledge-enhancement-ske-course-directory).
```

I think it would be better to spell out what SKE means in this link - better for accessibility for screen reader users for example, if they have skipped over the para where this acronym is explained. Also - VoiceOver doesn't pronounce 'SKE' is a very clear way

Author: Happy to make this change.

- a different but related degree to the subject you want to teach
- an A level but not a degree in the subject
- an unrelated degree but relevant professional experience
- studied for a languages degree, but need to develop a second language to an acceptable level for teaching in schools 
- not used your subject knowledge for a while

> When you apply for teacher training, the school or university will help you establish whether you need to improve your subject knowledge. They may decide to make completing a SKE course a condition of your offer to train with them.

Reviewer 2: @EllieNodder Should we say 'school or university' here or should we say 'teacher training provider' or something similar?

Reviewer: yep this should probably be 'your teacher training provider'

SKE courses are currently offered in 9 secondary subjects:  

- biology 
- chemistry 
- computing 
- design and technology 
- English
- languages 
- mathematics
- physics 
- religious education

You can also do a SKE course in primary mathematics.

SKE course lengths can range from 8 to 28 weeks. They're usually online, but some can be classroom based and some can be a mixture of both. You can choose the provider you want to complete your SKE course with.

Courses are available across England. Most candidates complete a SKE course before starting their teacher training year, but it’s sometimes possible to complete it alongside your initial teacher training (ITT) course. You may be able to complete the SKE course on a part-time basis.

> You may also be eligible for a bursary of £175 per week if you train to teach in the 2022/23 academic year. This will go towards any extra cost you may have during the SKE course. Contact your ITT and SKE providers for more information.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may also be eligible for a bursary of £175 per week if you train to teach in the 2022/23 academic year. This will go towards any extra costs you may have during the SKE course. Contact your ITT and SKE providers for more information.  
```
Sorry! One last change, I swear!

> You may also be eligible for a bursary of £175 per week if you train to teach in the 2022/23 academic year. This will go towards any extra costs you may have during the SKE course. Contact your ITT and SKE providers for more information.  

Reviewer 2: This feels a little odd - the bursary is for people doing ITT this year but the people reading this page will be looking at ITT in future years? The sentence makes it sound like the bursary is only for people this year; whilst we don't know whether it will be available next year, it might be worth rewording a little? But this can be done in retrospect post go-live
